Now let's also see if we depend anywhere inside our application on that blog post I did column on the
comment model which we know doesn't exist anymore.
As now this relationship is polymorphic so go to the search function inside the Visual Studio code specify
the blog post I.D. files to include dot slash.
So we find so we can find it inside every possible folder.
So what you see is mostly migrations which really shouldn't concern us.
But you can also see that inside comment tables cedar we depend on the blog post I.D..
So this would never be catched by any test.
Even if you write it because this is a cinder you don't test a cedar.
It is supposed to work outside of your application generating some data.
So let's see what we can do here.
So you can see we are fetching all the blog posts anyway.
We also fetch all the users and now we know that comments can also be added to the user so we can move
that to the top.
So first we fetch blog posts.
Then users and what we can do is we can immediately check if there are any blog posts or users that
we can add comments to.
So if posts count is zero or users count equals zero we say we will say that there are no blog posts
or users.
So no comments will be added.
Now we can ask using the same question for how many comments would you like.
Then we are using the factory and iterating over the posts first.
So now this is not blog post idea.
It is commendable idea where we will select our random post for obviously.
You probably have guessed out that we need our commendable type 2 which would be up blog post because
currently we are generating those comments for our blog post.
Now what we can also do is we can generate the same amount of comments for users too so let's copy this
so here will just use the same code and generate the comments for the users so this time we actually
want need posts just the users
now we select our random user commendable type is up user.
Also the user I.D. we can use the same users to generate who have commented on a blog post sorry on
who added a comment on our user and basically that's it.
And we'll save those comments so we'll generate the same amount of comments for the users and for the
blog posts.
So those are the changes we had to make.
So commendable ideas have to be specified either as a blog post I.D. or user I.D. the column name of
course has changed previously instead of blog post I.D..
And also we had to add a commendable type for both of them.
So Lavell will know that those comments are for the blog post and those are for the user.
So before we run our fixed seeder and what we also know is that when we are running a cedar we also
would like to regenerate that database all the time.
Now we might have a problem with the most recent migration and what it happens when we actually run
our cedar is that it regenerates the database by first rolling back all the migrations and then running
them again.
So it runs all the down methods of older migration starting from the most recent one and then runs the
up method of older migration starting from the oldest one.
So the problem we will be having is since we we are working on an existing data inside that database
this might actually break here because we are adding our foreign key on a column that doesn't have a
default value.
So when this is created it will have a null value and then we create a foreign key.
So this with this would actually fail on the database level.
So we can't have a foreign key which is not movable but then you provide unknown value so you can either
provide that this column should be new level or you should specify some default value like one because
at this point the problem is you have data inside the database and yet you are recreating a column that
cannot be new level.
And then you are trying to
and then you are trying to add a field which cannot have unknown value so we had to fix that first.
Only then we can run peach bee artisan D.B. seed say yes because we want to refresh the database and
only now it runs and everything works properly.
So let's check the database.
Let's see the comments.
You should see free hundreds rows here.
So this is correct.
Some of those should be part of some of those comments should be assigned to a blog post but then you
should also have some assigned to a user.
So this is a change that we had to make not to break our current cedar.
So obviously that might not have been a problem on your actual application you do not always like to
refresh the database when you see the data.
I'm just showing you a potential problem that you might be having.
So we have fixed our seeder and basically our application is now using one too many polymorphic relationship.
So we only had to make some minor changes inside the application itself.
Mostly the database schema and how we define the relationships but I haven't explained anything different
about those relationship because actually it is essentially the same as a normal one to many relationship
that we have already covered.
So it's only mostly difference in database schema and how you define the relationship and then you have
one too many polymorphic out of the box.